vault/Scenarios/Standard Procedure.md, before:

---
name: Standard Procedure
flavour: “Attention, following the death of Agent Johnson the compound is now on high alert. The standard procedures for such a situation are now in effect until the culprit is found and eliminated.”
roles:
  - Analyst
  - Assistant
  - Bodyguard
  - Clairvoyant
  - Coordinator
  - Investigator
  - Psychologist
  - Quartermaster
  - Telepath
  - Therapist
  - Medium
  - Warden
  - Accomplice
  - Prisoner
  - Technician
  - Test Subject
  - Turncoat
  - Underachiever
  - VIP
  - Whistleblower
  - Traitor
chars: 
  - Adaptable
  - Alert
  - Approachable
  - Diligent
  - Eccentric
  - Empathetic
  - Enamoured
  - Forthright
  - Inquisitive
  - Intuitive
  - Knowledgeable
  - Methodical
  - Meticulous
  - Obnoxious
  - Perceptive
  - Persevering
  - Shrewd
  - Trustworthy
---
> [!infobox]
> “Attention, following the death of [[Agent]] Johnson the compound is now on high alert. The standard procedures for such a situation are now in effect until the culprit is found and eliminated.”

## Summary
Standard Procedure is designed for new and returning players, containing a little bit of all the basic mechanics that are present in Secrets Within the Compound.

## [[Agent|Agents]] (12)
- [[Analyst]]
- [[Assistant]]
- [[Bodyguard]]
- [[Clairvoyant]]
- [[Coordinator]]
- [[Investigator]]
- [[Psychologist]]
- [[Quartermaster]]
- [[Telepath]]
- [[Therapist]]
- [[Medium]]
- [[Warden]]

## [[Detrimental|Detrimentals]] (8)
- [[Accomplice]]
- [[Prisoner]]
- [[Technician]]
- [[Test Subject]]
- [[Turncoat]]
- [[Underachiever]]
- [[VIP]]
- [[Whistleblower]]

## [[Antagonist|Antagonists]] (1)
- [[Traitor]]

## [[Characteristic|Characteristics]] (18)
- [[Adaptable]]
- [[Alert]]
- [[Approachable]]
- [[Diligent]]
- [[Eccentric]]
- [[Empathetic]]
- [[Enamoured]]
- [[Forthright]]
- [[Inquisitive]]
- [[Intuitive]]
- [[Knowledgeable]]
- [[Methodical]]
- [[Meticulous]]
- [[Obnoxious]]
- [[Perceptive]]
- [[Persevering]]
- [[Shrewd]]
- [[Trustworthy]]

Commit message:

Update Standard Procedure.md
Added the Octagon location.

vault/Scenarios/Standard Procedure.md, after:

---
name: Standard Procedure
flavour: “Attention, following the death of Agent Johnson the compound is now on high alert. The standard procedures for such a situation are now in effect until the culprit is found and eliminated.”
location:
  - Compound 8 - The Octagon
roles:
  - Analyst
  - Assistant
  - Bodyguard
  - Clairvoyant
  - Coordinator
  - Investigator
  - Psychologist
  - Quartermaster
  - Telepath
  - Therapist
  - Medium
  - Warden
  - Accomplice
  - Prisoner
  - Technician
  - Test Subject
  - Turncoat
  - Underachiever
  - VIP
  - Whistleblower
  - Traitor
chars: 
  - Adaptable
  - Alert
  - Approachable
  - Diligent
  - Eccentric
  - Empathetic
  - Enamoured
  - Forthright
  - Inquisitive
  - Intuitive
  - Knowledgeable
  - Methodical
  - Meticulous
  - Obnoxious
  - Perceptive
  - Persevering
  - Shrewd
  - Trustworthy
---
> [!infobox]
> “Attention, following the death of [[Agent]] Johnson the compound is now on high alert. The standard procedures for such a situation are now in effect until the culprit is found and eliminated.”

## Summary
Standard Procedure is designed for new and returning players, containing a little bit of all the basic mechanics that are present in Secrets Within the Compound.

## Location
- [[The Octagon - Compound 8]]

## [[Agent|Agents]] (12)
- [[Analyst]]
- [[Assistant]]
- [[Bodyguard]]
- [[Clairvoyant]]
- [[Coordinator]]
- [[Investigator]]
- [[Psychologist]]
- [[Quartermaster]]
- [[Telepath]]
- [[Therapist]]
- [[Medium]]
- [[Warden]]

## [[Detrimental|Detrimentals]] (8)
- [[Accomplice]]
- [[Prisoner]]
- [[Technician]]
- [[Test Subject]]
- [[Turncoat]]
- [[Underachiever]]
- [[VIP]]
- [[Whistleblower]]

## [[Antagonist|Antagonists]] (1)
- [[Traitor]]

## [[Characteristic|Characteristics]] (18)
- [[Adaptable]]
- [[Alert]]
- [[Approachable]]
- [[Diligent]]
- [[Eccentric]]
- [[Empathetic]]
- [[Enamoured]]
- [[Forthright]]
- [[Inquisitive]]
- [[Intuitive]]
- [[Knowledgeable]]
- [[Methodical]]
- [[Meticulous]]
- [[Obnoxious]]
- [[Perceptive]]
- [[Persevering]]
- [[Shrewd]]
- [[Trustworthy]]
