vault/Roles/Detrimentals/Accomplice.md, before:

---
name: Accomplice
team: Subversive
type: Detrimental
flavour: My fingerprints? No, you must be mistaken.
ability: |
  You are confused about being an Agent. On your first night, all Antagonists learn who you are.
attributes:
  - Human
setup:
  - - You are confused about being an Agent.
    - ShowAs Role Agent
  - - You neighbour the Antagonist.
    - Neighbour Role Antagonist
reminders:
  - - 👣
    - "#702963"
    - "Accomplice: Is the Accomplice."
---
> [!infobox]
> |  |  |
> | ---- | ---- |
> | Team | Subversive |
> | Type | Detrimental |
> | [[Attributes]] | Human |
> 
>  “My fingerprints? No, you must be mistaken.”

## Ability
You are [[Confusion|confused]] about being an Agent. On your first night, all [[Antagonist|Antagonists]] learn who you are.

## Setup Effects
You neighbour an [[Antagonist]].

## Examples
- On the first night that the Accomplice is in play they join the [[Subversive]] team. The [[Antagonist]] learns who the Accomplice is. The Accomplice is confused about being the [[Analyst]]. The [[Narrator]] wakes the Accomplice up and gives them arbitrary information.
- The Accomplice is [[Malfunctioning]] on the first night they are in play. The [[Antagonist]] does not learn who the Accomplice is. The Accomplice thinks they are the [[Analyst]]. The [[Narrator]] wakes the Accomplice up and treats them as if they are the [[Analyst]] who is [[Malfunctioning]].

## How to Play
- Just because someone claims to be the [[Antagonist]] and tells you that you're the Accomplice doesn't mean they're telling the truth!
- There are ways in which you might not have started neighbouring the [[Antagonist]], such as is if one of your neighbours is a [[Prisoner]].
- If you suspect that you're the Accomplice, then your number one priority should be trying to confirm your [[Role]]. If the [[Role]] you think you are is consistently giving you information you know to be wrong, then perhaps you are the Accomplice.
- If you are certain that you're the Accomplice, then you should do everything possible to keep the [[Antagonist]] safe. Try to divert attention onto yourself and away from them.

## How to Narrate
- Ensure that the Accomplice starts neighbouring an [[Antagonist]].
- On the first night that the Accomplice is in play immediately change their team to [[Subversive]], and tell any [[Antagonist|Antagonists]] who the Accomplice is. Treat the Accomplice as if they were the [[Role]] that they believe themselves to be and as if that [[Role]] was [[Malfunctioning]].
- You can provide the Accomplice with any arbitrary information that corresponds to the [[Role]] they believe they have. However, be cautious about game balance; their ability should primarily be [[Detrimental]] to the [[Loyalist]] team.

## Additional Information
- Placeholder Additional Information.

## Lore
- Placeholder Lore.

Commit message:

Accomplice split into Accomplice and Pawn
Split the Accomplice role into Accomplice and Pawn.
The Accomplice role is no longer confused.
The Pawn is now a confused player on the Subversive team, that does not neighbour an Antagonist.

vault/Roles/Detrimentals/Accomplice.md, after:

---
name: Accomplice
team: Subversive
type: Detrimental
flavour: My fingerprints? No, you must be mistaken.
ability: |
  You are confused about being an Agent. On your first night, all Antagonists learn who you are.
attributes:
  - Human
setup:
  - - You neighbour the Antagonist.
    - Neighbour Role Antagonist
reminders:
  - - 👣
    - "#702963"
    - "Accomplice: Is the Accomplice."
---
> [!infobox]
> |  |  |
> | ---- | ---- |
> | Team | Subversive |
> | Type | Detrimental |
> | [[Attributes]] | Human |
> 
>  “My fingerprints? No, you must be mistaken.”

## Ability
On your first night, you learn which of your neighbours are Antagonists, and they learn your role.

## Setup Effects
You neighbour an [[Antagonist]].

## Examples
- John is the Traitor. The Accomplice starts neighbouring John. The Accomplice learns that John is the Antagonist, and John learns who the Accomplice is.

## How to Play
- Be careful that you are not found out to be the Accomplice! If the Loyalist team know you're the Accomplice then they know that at least one of your neighbours is an Antagonist!

## How to Narrate
- Ensure that the Accomplice starts neighbouring an [[Antagonist]].
- On the first night that the Accomplice is in play, wake them up. Tell the Accomplice which of their neighbours are Antagonists. Send them back to sleep. Tell any Antagonist neighbours of the Accomplice who the Antagonist is.
