vault/Roles/Detrimentals/Underachiever.md, before:

---
name: Underachiever
team: Loyalist
type: Detrimental
flavour: Almost there...
ability: |
  You are confused about being an Agent.
attributes:
  - Human
setup:
  - - You are confused about being an Agent.
    - ShowAs Role Agent
reminders:
  - - 🙃
    - "#702963"
    - "Underachiever: Is the Underachiever."
---
> [!infobox]
> |  |  |
> | ---- | ---- |
> | Team | [[Loyalist]] |
> | [[Type]] | [[Detrimental]] |
> | [[Attributes]] | Human |
> 
>  “Almost there...”

## Ability
You are [[Confusion|confused]] about being an [[Agent]].

## Examples
- The Underachiever is [[Confusion|confused]] about being the [[Analyst]]. The Subversive team are winning. The [[Narrator]] wakes the Underachiever up and interacts with them as if they were the Analyst, and incorrectly tells them that the Loyalist team are winning.
- The Underachiever is [[Confusion|confused]] about being the [[Analyst]]. The Loyalist team are winning. The [[Narrator]] wakes the Underachiever up and interacts with them as if they were the Analyst, and tells them that the Loyalist team are winning.
- The Underachiever is [[malfunctioning]]. There is no difference to their ability. The Underachiever is confused about being the Analyst. The Subversive team are winning. The [[Narrator]] wakes the Underachiever up and interacts with them as if they were the Analyst, and incorrectly tells them that the Loyalist team are winning.

## How to Play
- Always remember, just because you're confused doesn't mean you will always receive false information. Confused abilities receive arbitrary information at the discretion of the Narrator. However, in most cases you are likely to be given information that will benefit the Subversive team the most.
- Try to work out how much of your information is true or false to help determine whether you are the Underachiever.
- If you have a non-informational ability that clearly has no effect when you use it, such as an [[Exorcist]] choosing a known Spirit, then you are almost certainly the Underachiever or malfunctioning.

## How to Narrate
- Choose a role that the Underachiever is confused as. Do not tell them they are the Underachiever, tell them they are the role you chose. Treat the Underachiever as if they were role you chose, following the rules of confusion.
- You can provide the Underachiever with any arbitrary information that corresponds to the [[role]] they believe they have. However, be cautious about game balance; their ability should primarily be [[Detrimental]] to the [[Loyalist]] team.

Commit message:

Standardized confusion being in setup text vs ability text
Also added a cheeky easter egg to the Underachiever ability, as they effectively have no ability and it shouldn't ever be seen in game under normal circumstances.

vault/Roles/Detrimentals/Underachiever.md, after:

---
name: Underachiever
team: Loyalist
type: Detrimental
flavour: Almost there...
ability: |
  Uh... good luck, I guess.
attributes:
  - Human
setup:
  - - You are confused about being an Agent.
    - ShowAs Role Agent
reminders:
  - - 🙃
    - "#702963"
    - "Underachiever: Is the Underachiever."
---
> [!infobox]
> |  |  |
> | ---- | ---- |
> | Team | [[Loyalist]] |
> | [[Type]] | [[Detrimental]] |
> | [[Attributes]] | Human |
> 
>  “Almost there...”

## Ability
Uh... good luck, I guess.

## Setup
You are confused about being an Agent.

## Examples
- The Underachiever is [[Confusion|confused]] about being the [[Analyst]]. The Subversive team are winning. The [[Narrator]] wakes the Underachiever up and interacts with them as if they were the Analyst, and incorrectly tells them that the Loyalist team are winning.
- The Underachiever is [[Confusion|confused]] about being the [[Analyst]]. The Loyalist team are winning. The [[Narrator]] wakes the Underachiever up and interacts with them as if they were the Analyst, and tells them that the Loyalist team are winning.
- The Underachiever is [[malfunctioning]]. There is no difference to their ability. The Underachiever is confused about being the Analyst. The Subversive team are winning. The [[Narrator]] wakes the Underachiever up and interacts with them as if they were the Analyst, and incorrectly tells them that the Loyalist team are winning.

## How to Play
- Always remember, just because you're confused doesn't mean you will always receive false information. Confused abilities receive arbitrary information at the discretion of the Narrator. However, in most cases you are likely to be given information that will benefit the Subversive team the most.
- Try to work out how much of your information is true or false to help determine whether you are the Underachiever.
- If you have a non-informational ability that clearly has no effect when you use it, such as an [[Exorcist]] choosing a known Spirit, then you are almost certainly the Underachiever or malfunctioning.

## How to Narrate
- Choose a role that the Underachiever is confused as. Do not tell them they are the Underachiever, tell them they are the role you chose. Treat the Underachiever as if they were role you chose, following the rules of confusion.
- You can provide the Underachiever with any arbitrary information that corresponds to the [[role]] they believe they have. However, be cautious about game balance; their ability should primarily be [[Detrimental]] to the [[Loyalist]] team.
