vault/Tutorial/2. Advanced Mechanics and  Information/4. Malfunctioning.md, before:

A [[malfunctioning]] [[player]] is deceived by the [[Narrator]], in accordance with the game's mechanics and rules, into believing their abilities are functioning as normal, when in reality as long as they’re [[malfunctioning]] any informational abilities they have will yield arbitrary information, and any non-information abilities cannot alter the state of the game. The only exception to not altering the state of the game is that if a [[malfunctioning]] [[player]] uses their ‘once per game’ ability then it is used up, and they will not be able to use it again, even if they are no longer [[malfunctioning]].
While giving arbitrary information to [[malfunctioning]] [[Player|players]] can be used in part to balance the game, it should in most cases always be used in a deleterious manner to the [[malfunctioning]] [[player]] and their team.
A [[malfunctioning]] [[player]] only corrupts the information received by their own abilities, not other [[player]] abilities that target them.

## Examples of [[Malfunctioning]]
- The [[Assistant]] learns that John is the [[Analyst]]. Later in the game, the [[Assistant]] dies, causing John to now be [[malfunctioning]]. John wakes in the night to receive information from his [[Analyst]] ability. The [[Narrator]] gives John arbitrary information because he is [[malfunctioning]].

Commit message:

Update 4. Malfunctioning.md
Clarified interaction of malfunctioning and confusion, to prevent unintended actions from a Narrator like telling the malfunctioning Underachiever that they are the Underachiever.

vault/Tutorial/2. Advanced Mechanics and  Information/4. Malfunctioning.md, after:

A [[malfunctioning]] [[player]] is deceived by the [[Narrator]], in accordance with the game's mechanics and rules, into believing their abilities (or abilities they think they have, such as if they are [[Confusion|confused]]) are functioning as normal, when in reality as long as they’re [[malfunctioning]] any informational abilities they have will yield arbitrary information, and any non-information abilities cannot alter the state of the game. The only exception to not altering the state of the game is that if a [[malfunctioning]] [[player]] uses their ‘once per game’ ability then it is used up, and they will not be able to use it again, even if they are no longer [[malfunctioning]].
While giving arbitrary information to [[malfunctioning]] [[Player|players]] can be used in part to balance the game, it should in most cases always be used in a deleterious manner to the [[malfunctioning]] [[player]] and their team.
A [[malfunctioning]] [[player]] only corrupts the information received by their own abilities, not other [[player]] abilities that target them.

## Examples of [[Malfunctioning]]
- The [[Assistant]] learns that John is the [[Analyst]]. Later in the game, the [[Assistant]] dies, causing John to now be [[malfunctioning]]. John wakes in the night to receive information from his [[Analyst]] ability. The [[Narrator]] gives John arbitrary information because he is [[malfunctioning]].
