vault/Tutorial/2. Advanced Mechanics and  Information/5. Confusion.md, before:

A [[Confusion|confused]] [[player]] sees themselves as being something they are not, such as, a different [[role]] or [[characteristic]] than their true [[role]] or [[characteristic]]. The [[Narrator]] will interact with the [[Confusion|confused]] [[player]] as if they were the [[role]] or [[characteristic]] that they believe themselves to be. Any informational abilities the [[Confusion|confused]] [[player]] believes they have will yield arbitrary information, and any non-information abilities cannot alter the state of the game.
While giving arbitrary information to [[Confusion|confused]] [[Player|players]] can be used in part to balance the game, it should in most cases always be used in a deleterious manner to the [[Confusion|confused]] [[player]] and their team.
A [[Confusion|confused]] [[player]] only corrupts the information received by their own abilities, not other [[player]] abilities that target them.

## Examples of [[Confusion]]
- The [[Underachiever]] is [[Confusion|confused]] about being the [[Analyst]]. The [[Narrator]] wakes the [[Underachiever]] up and gives them arbitrary information.

Commit message:

Update 5. Confusion.md
Slightly altered wording, and clarified confused role not impacting same player's characteristic.

vault/Tutorial/2. Advanced Mechanics and  Information/5. Confusion.md, after:

A [[Confusion|confused]] [[player]] sees themselves as being something they are not, such as, a different [[role]] or [[characteristic]] than their true [[role]] or [[characteristic]]. The [[Narrator]] will interact with the [[Confusion|confused]] [[player]] as if they were the [[role]] or [[characteristic]] that they believe themselves to be. Any informational abilities the [[Confusion|confused]] [[player]] believes they have will yield arbitrary information, and any non-information abilities cannot alter the state of the game.
While giving arbitrary information to [[Confusion|confused]] [[Player|players]] can be used in part to balance the game, it should in most cases always be used in a deleterious manner to the [[Confusion|confused]] [[player]] and their team.
A [[Confusion|confused]] [[player]] can only corrupt the information received by their own abilities, not other [[player]] abilities that target them. A role that features confusion, does not impact that same player's characteristic.

## Examples of [[Confusion]]
- The [[Underachiever]] is [[Confusion|confused]] about being the [[Analyst]]. The [[Narrator]] wakes the [[Underachiever]] up and gives them arbitrary information.
