vault/Roles/Agents/Shadow.md, before:

---
name: Shadow
team: Loyalist
type: Agent
flavour: Why you, and not me? Why shouldn't it be me? WHY?
ability: |
  You start knowing an in-play Agent role. If you were obsessed that you were this role, you gain their ability when they die.
orderType: role_with_starting_info
attributes:
  - Psychic
  - Spirit
reminders:
  - - 👤
    - "#0000FF"
    - "Shadow: Learnt this role."
  - - 👤
    - "#0000FF"
    - "Shadow: Gained an ability."
---
> [!infobox]
> |  |  |
> | ---- | ---- |
> | Team | Loyalist |
> | Type | Agent |
> | [[Attributes]] | Psychic, Spirit |
> 
>  “Why you, and not me? Why shouldn't it be me? WHY?”

## Ability
You start knowing an in-play Agent role. If you were obsessed that you were this role, you gain their ability when they die.

## Setup Effects
Placeholder setup effects. This text here should be filled with the exact text of the setup effects.

## Examples
- Placeholder Example.

- Placeholder Example.

- Placeholder Example.

## How to Play
- Placeholder Strategy.

## How to Narrate
- Placeholder Narration.

## Additional Information
- Placeholder Additional Information.

## Lore
- Placeholder Lore.

Commit message:

Removed "you start knowing" from multiple roles.
Changed "you start knowing" to the new standard of "On your first night" for extra clarity.

vault/Roles/Agents/Shadow.md, after:

---
name: Shadow
team: Loyalist
type: Agent
flavour: Why you, and not me? Why shouldn't it be me? WHY?
ability: |
  On your first night, you learn an in-play Agent role. If you were obsessed that you were this role, you gain their ability when they die.
orderType: role_with_starting_info
attributes:
  - Psychic
  - Spirit
reminders:
  - - 👤
    - "#0000FF"
    - "Shadow: Learnt this role."
  - - 👤
    - "#0000FF"
    - "Shadow: Gained an ability."
---
> [!infobox]
> |  |  |
> | ---- | ---- |
> | Team | Loyalist |
> | Type | Agent |
> | [[Attributes]] | Psychic, Spirit |
> 
>  “Why you, and not me? Why shouldn't it be me? WHY?”

## Ability
On your first night, you learn an in-play Agent role. If you were obsessed that you were this role, you gain their ability when they die.

## Setup Effects
Placeholder setup effects. This text here should be filled with the exact text of the setup effects.

## Examples
- Placeholder Example.

- Placeholder Example.

- Placeholder Example.

## How to Play
- Placeholder Strategy.

## How to Narrate
- Placeholder Narration.

## Additional Information
- Placeholder Additional Information.

## Lore
- Placeholder Lore.
