vault/Roles/Agents/Tethered.md, before:

---
name: Tethered
team: Loyalist
type: Agent
flavour: The thread may be pulled, but it shall never unwind.
ability: |
  You start knowing a Loyalist player (not yourself). If they are alive, you are alive. If they are dead, you are dead. This ability works even if you are dead.
orderType: role_with_starting_info
attributes:
  - Psychic
  - Spirit
reminders:
  - - 🪢
    - "#0000FF"
    - "Tethered: Learnt this player."
---
> [!infobox]
> |  |  |
> | ---- | ---- |
> | Team | Loyalist |
> | Type | Agent |
> | [[Attributes]] | Psychic, Spirit |
> 
>  “The thread may be pulled, but it shall never unwind.”

## Ability
You start knowing a Loyalist [[player]] (not yourself). If they are alive, you are alive. If they are dead, you are dead. This ability works even if you are dead.

## Setup Effects
Placeholder setup effects. This text here should be filled with the exact text of the setup effects.

## Examples
- Placeholder Example.

- Placeholder Example.

- Placeholder Example.

## How to Play
- Placeholder Strategy.

## How to Narrate
- Placeholder Narration.

## Additional Information
- Placeholder Additional Information.

## Lore
- Placeholder Lore.

Commit message:

Removed "you start knowing" from multiple roles.
Changed "you start knowing" to the new standard of "On your first night" for extra clarity.

vault/Roles/Agents/Tethered.md, after:

---
name: Tethered
team: Loyalist
type: Agent
flavour: The thread may be pulled, but it shall never unwind.
ability: |
  On your first night, you learn a Loyalist player (not yourself). If they are alive, you are alive. If they are dead, you are dead. This ability works even if you are dead.
orderType: role_with_starting_info
attributes:
  - Psychic
  - Spirit
reminders:
  - - 🪢
    - "#0000FF"
    - "Tethered: Learnt this player."
---
> [!infobox]
> |  |  |
> | ---- | ---- |
> | Team | Loyalist |
> | Type | Agent |
> | [[Attributes]] | Psychic, Spirit |
> 
>  “The thread may be pulled, but it shall never unwind.”

## Ability
On your first night, you learn a Loyalist [[player]] (not yourself). If they are alive, you are alive. If they are dead, you are dead. This ability works even if you are dead.

## Setup Effects
Placeholder setup effects. This text here should be filled with the exact text of the setup effects.

## Examples
- Placeholder Example.

- Placeholder Example.

- Placeholder Example.

## How to Play
- Placeholder Strategy.

## How to Narrate
- Placeholder Narration.

## Additional Information
- Placeholder Additional Information.

## Lore
- Placeholder Lore.
