Secrets Within the Compound is divided into two distinct phases, the day phase, and the night phase.
The game begins in the night phase, when [[Player|players]] will receive their secret [[Role|roles]] and [[Characteristic|characteristics]]. [[Player|Players]], who have relevant abilities, will then in turn be woken up in secret by the [[Narrator]] to use their abilities. Once all relevant [[Player|players]] have used their abilities, the night ends and the day begins.
During the day, [[Player|players]] may discuss and talk with each other, either all together or in any combination of [[Player|players]] they desire in a private conversation. The day phase starts with the [[Narrator]] making any important announcements, such as anyone that died during the night. When the day phase is coming to an end, the exact length of which is up to the [[Narrator]], then all [[Player|players]] are required to come back to the meeting room to begin the [[dismissal]] process.
During the [[dismissal]] process, any [[player]] may nominate any [[player]] to be [[Dismissal|dismissed]], including themselves. The nominating [[player]] should provide an accusation, and then the nominee should provide a defence. A [[player]] may only nominate and be nominated once per day. A secret vote is then held to determine whether the [[player]] is [[Dismissal|dismissed]]. For a vote to be successful at least half of all living [[Player|players]] must vote yes. Once the vote has finished any other [[Player|players]], who are eligible, may nominate as well. Once all [[Player|players]] have finished nominating, or decided not to nominate anyone to begin with, then the [[Narrator]] will end the nomination period. The [[player]] who received the most votes, and at least a number of votes equal to half the number of living [[Player|players]], is [[Dismissal|dismissed]]. If there is a tie, nobody is [[Dismissal|dismissed]]. The [[Narrator]] will announce who was [[Dismissal|dismissed]], and if they died (or survived, but not the manner of their survival.) The day phase then ends and the night phase begins again.