vault/Tutorial/1. The Basics/6. Rules.md, before:

Secrets Within the Compound has only four general rules, but it’s important to follow them to help maintain the integrity of the game and to make sure everyone has a good time.

1. This is a game of deceit. Unless otherwise specified, you may say whatever you want and pretend to use any abilities, even if they don’t belong to your [[Role]] or [[Characteristic]]. It is very important, however, to remember that some [[Player|players]] may be uncomfortable with lying or being lied to, and may have problems with being gaslighted, so it is the job of the [[narrator]] to help ensure a healthy game environment where all people understand the principles of the game and can enjoy themselves without being bullied.
2. [[Player|Players]] are never eliminated from the game, even if their characters die. Dead [[Player|players]] may still talk and discuss with other [[Player|players]], but they can not vote or nominate other [[Player|players]] for [[dismissal]], unless otherwise specified..
3. No meta-gaming. No talking, texting, or messaging, with [[Player|players]] outside of any official or agreed upon communication channels.
4. Do not interrupt the [[narrator]], and make sure to listen to what they say. Ultimately, they have the final say in all rulings.

Commit message:

Update 6. Rules.md
- Made capitalization conform to standards elsewhere in the documentation.
- Updated rule 1 to clarify the new approach to discussions during the night phase.
- Tweaked the wording regarding gaslighting in rule 1.
- Tweaked the wording of rule 3 slightly.

vault/Tutorial/1. The Basics/6. Rules.md, after:

Secrets Within the Compound has only four general rules, but it’s important to follow them to help maintain the integrity of the game and to make sure everyone has a good time.

1. This is a game of deceit. Unless otherwise specified, you may say whatever you want and pretend to use any abilities, even if they don’t belong to your [[role]] or [[characteristic]]. One major exception to this rule is that during the night phase, you may not discuss specific details of the current game with other players. It is also very important to remember that some [[Player|players]] may be uncomfortable with lying or being lied to, and may have issues with being gaslighted, so it is the job of the [[Narrator]] to help ensure a healthy game environment where all people understand the principles of the game and can enjoy themselves without being bullied.
2. [[Player|Players]] are never eliminated from the game, even if their characters die. Dead [[Player|players]] may still talk and discuss with other [[Player|players]], but they can not vote or nominate other [[Player|players]] for [[dismissal]], unless otherwise specified.
3. No meta-gaming. No talking, texting, or messaging, with [[Player|players]] outside of any official or agreed upon forms of communication.
4. Do not interrupt the [[Narrator]], and make sure to listen to what they say. Ultimately, they have the final say in all rulings.
