vault/Tutorial/3. How to Narrate/2. K - Knowledge.md, before:

If you want to be a good [[Narrator]], the first thing you need is knowledge! If you don’t understand the mechanics of Secrets Within the Compound, how can you possibly run a game? But don’t worry, you don’t need to know everything, you just need to have a good grasp of all the basic systems.
Answer these questions to test your knowledge:

- Do you understand the different [[Role]] types? E.g. [[Agent]], [[Detrimental]], [[Antagonist]].
- Do you understand how [[player]] count effects the number of [[Detrimental|Detrimentals]]?
- Do you understand the different win conditions for both teams?
- Do you understand how the nomination and voting process works?
- Do you understand how the night order works?
- Do you understand how [[Malfunctioning]] works?

If your answer was yes to all of these questions, then you have a good grasp of the most fundamental parts of Secrets Within the Compound! If you answered no to any of these questions, go and read the available documentation on the relevant parts that you don’t understand. Don’t worry, if there are more advanced parts that you’re confused on that’s okay, at first you just need to grasp the basics, you don’t need to memorize every single ability interaction! And don’t worry, everyone makes mistakes when Narrating, especially for the first time!

Commit message:

Update 2. K - Knowledge.md
- Made capitalization conform to standards elsewhere in the documentation.
- Added a section saying what to do if you make a mistake.

vault/Tutorial/3. How to Narrate/2. K - Knowledge.md, after:

If you want to be a good [[Narrator]], the first thing you need is knowledge! If you don’t understand the mechanics of Secrets Within the Compound, how can you possibly run a game? But don’t worry, you don’t need to know everything, you just need to have a good grasp of all the basic systems.
Answer these questions to test your knowledge:

- Do you understand the different [[role]] types? E.g. [[Agent]], [[Detrimental]], [[Antagonist]].
- Do you understand how [[player]] count effects the number of [[Detrimental|Detrimentals]]?
- Do you understand the different win conditions for both teams?
- Do you understand how the nomination and voting process works?
- Do you understand how the night order works?
- Do you understand how [[Malfunctioning]] works?

If your answer was yes to all of these questions, then you have a good grasp of the most fundamental parts of Secrets Within the Compound! If you answered no to any of these questions, go and read the available documentation on the relevant parts that you don’t understand. Don’t worry, if there are more advanced parts that you’re confused on that’s okay, at first you just need to grasp the basics, you don’t need to memorize every single ability interaction! And don’t worry, everyone makes mistakes when Narrating, especially for the first time! If you do make a mistake, it doesn't mean the game is ruined, try to use your best judgement on how to fix it and just carry on!
