The third thing a [[Narrator]] needs to grasp is respect! Respect means treating all [[Player|players]], and their abilities fairly. Don’t abuse your position as a [[Narrator]] just to create a situation you find amusing, your job is to ensure all [[Player|players]] have a good time!
Here are some important things to keep in mind:

- You are still constrained by the rules of the game. Being a [[Narrator]] doesn’t mean you can do whatever you want arbitrarily.
- Make sure all [[Player|players]], especially new [[Player|players]], understand that it’s normal to be intimidated by the complexity of the game. Make sure they feel comfortable asking you any questions. If anyone wants a consultation, give them one!
- Make sure that you and all [[Player|players]] are respecting everyone’s time. Don’t waste time in the night. If you have to step away from the game for a moment, do it during the day. Ensure people are using their abilities as fast as possible when you wake them up. 
- Ensure that all abilities are used fairly. The overwhelming majority of the time, a [[player]]’s ability should be used in a way that is consistent with their [[role]] [[type]] or [[characteristic]]. [[Loyalist]], [[Antagonist]], and [[characteristic]] abilities should benefit that [[player]], and their respective team. [[Detrimental]] abilities should have a negative effect on the [[Loyalist]] team, or in some cases the team that the [[Detrimental]] [[player]] is currently on. There are times when this consistency can be bent slightly to ensure game balance, but you should never abuse your position as a [[Narrator]] to unfairly support one team or [[player]] over another. Remember, respect the decisions [[Player|players]] make with their abilities, for good or for bad. Ultimately your primary goal should be to ensure that all [[Player|players]] have a good time!